Today isn't really special, but lastly, after leaving the job and confronting my real life with studying difficulties, or I could say the defficiencies in my studying system and method, I feel really sorrowful so far and suppressed. I feel so far like that everyone else is just moving forward and I'm still in my place, which is really insane for me, I used to be almost perfect in studying.

I don't know, it seems that quitting **** is gonna solve the issue for me so far, but that needs time to prove it, but now, I really feel hopeless and helpless, in addition to my decreased mental toughness, and concentration in studying this even feels worse, also feeling the feeling of "I deserve some break" or some anything really destroys the rest of it, because I get confused and exhausted too fast to be true, I need to be more stamina.

I feel miserable so far, like I just haven't been to this point and that bad nevertheless, that I need to really move forward, actually I must do move forward, it's not even a choice that I take, because the midterm exams are coming up soon, I have to be well preparing, where has my want to work hard and help others with my creations of mindmaps and flashcards? where has gone my want to be an atheltic shaped boy? where is my want to be a professional programmer? where has gone the passion in my current major?

A lot of quesitons similar to those and even with more complicated meanings, but I have no clue to answer them, I wish I really discover myself very soon, I feel like I don't want to do anything, anything!!! this is not me I swear, what happened??????????

Answering the question with saying that I'm having burnout, I don't think so, because I already have a lot to do, nevertheless, I take a lot of breaks and cozy time, nevertheless I don't have it.

Ok, here's an idea that might be explaining some phenoenon of what I'm having so far, why I feel exhausted very quickly?
Answer: I put many tasks, or let's say that my to do list is a medium-sized to do list, compared to what it used to be in the past, but the problem that a one task may take from a lot of time unreasonably, like solving that energy question, I just needed to keep it as a question for the upcoming lecture to give it to the doctor or ask the TA about it, just that simple, but instead I was timed out using a lot of the time that was supposed to make other possible and doable progress other than just looking for the solution of only one problem!!! that was stupid completely.

Solution: I should be more versatile and more specific to how that kind of problems should be treated, couldn't do it? ok take it as a screenshot or mark it, maybe in any color denoted to mark that kind of stuff, and after finishing the whole task, get back it later to make a question out of it, that simple!!!

Ok, may that's enough for today, and let me note that I'm having also some declining tendency to the stickness to my new habits, this is very dangerous, I have to builing this peaceful and quiet routine of life so fast, I can't be defeated again, this habit has made me a poor miserable human.
